I was new era games games
playstation 3 playstation 4 and xbox one
on digital media
that let's let's guys youtube beauty
who talks again when giving bringing
one more video for you guys be all
very much welcome to my channel
galley guys this time can bring
for you in the videos and an epic of gt
so when I'm recording again
minor and furious speedtest so let's
mud that the show can not stop us today
We will not play with those super cars.
let's play with these powerful serve
so it will be flex several knows everything
Thank you again for playing
I came to be helping myself one more time.
in these videos then there is already
chose phoenix let's continue
here ready to play let's go let's go
the show can not stop the galleys let's go
to test these ancient and ancient traits
there
remembering that they are leaving here without
personalization some are cars
originals made the way the game
and another situation does not
we'll get turbine output and play
that ghost ghost mode like you
prefer to call that mode that you do not
Give it a ring, you're not allowed.
that he expects you to take or your
Friend close to you then is vasco
a much quieter thing has a face
who ended up posting there were those
tests are not is is 100% and I do not agree to
100% is only you statistical one look
car for the other you press there
stark goes stats and you give a
look at the average car makes the measurement there
manually you will see 100% this
here is just the way you
relaxed a series that I listen to
bringing you my audience
just to be able to help you is
to know in which car better which car
is not the best and simplify the thing for
have fun do not like
Unfortunately I can not please everyone
but I have only done that the great
majority 99 percent have liked
Let's go here the beast that is already
seeing everything knows everything has taken the stick
here at the first match
come on we see that here we that
Let's go the show can not stop.
Let's see here I finished my time.
was 0.50 990 reminding that the car is
original so many factory abbtur point
important are Felix original and with
that we do not have all that why
it took a while but usually the
I'd run to 40 seconds and it's over.
taking a little longer as you can
see there was 50 990 against 51 in 1973
so almost a second the guy came back
little for the second, that's the way I go
prepare the streak as soon as
ready to vote with you and is nóis
We're back here guys, we're here already.
Let's select it again this time I
I'm going with turbo saber.
Let's go show you can not stop wanted.
thank all the faces there that are
helping me to promote my channel to
addicts and gta gsv five top and gta5
great test to the hero
are three countries that are in the description
do not forget to have a look there guys
So that you can if you like
gta
are three countries with totally
Fuck you totally fuckin 'there for you guys.
so do not forget that on registration you have
the link of the stones of which you participate
people evaluated everyone who gave me
that support from all of you who are
coming from the parts are also very well
welcome
so let's go guys second race
here you are in this right video reminding
that knows all took the stage in Phoenix
first match and we'll see now what
will happen if Brazil will roll
It's up to you to be that footprint or
If it's going to happen, it's a different thing. Let's not go.
there then as you see it does not know
gaining tax for the time being but
fave of the guide tavira in the boot wanted
also thank someone to fill
My partner is always helping me there.
Let's try to create a
run at the airport there if the
people can get one more straight
it will get easier to curve
people are going to have to stop talking one
bit of curves but mine is what I
I have to try to bring content
cool for you and I hope you are
Pleasing to see you there, there's no way
a fair entry that is
breaking up once more it will win
and then move on
sabri turn loses to old port are
already thank you all stay
with God if you liked your side if
Did you like it but was favorite and 2007?
They exchanged liked what they saw
write the search for more videos on the networks
social car crash description of
15 selected because you can not
lose content
You know that the October boot is
quite a bit place to freedom and
so you will not miss any
content so health you already go
able to see it at precisely the right moment in
I really wanted to thank everyone.
stay with god until the next video as well
in these two sexy guards a
strong hug and I went